vas Christians before what is it about
the message of the Bible that you find
to be so compelling what was it about
the Bible that made you realize that
this was it this is so profound that it
must be the Word of God I haven't heard
any decent answers yet but that's why
I'm making this video I want to know why
I should be a Christian so here's an
opportunity to really show people like
me what wisdom the Bible has to offer
what is it that sets it apart from any
other book let me explain my premise the
moral lessons I've seen from the Bible
haven't impressed me so far for example
do unto others as you'd have them do
unto you is so obvious that even animals
observe this rule even without the
benefit of having read the Holy Bible
love thy neighbor sounds good when you
say it real fast but is this really
practical first of all I can't possibly
love everyone if I have a special kind
of deep affection for everyone then what
makes it special so the way I think of
love this is impossible secondly put
yourself in your neighbors shoes for a
second do you want all of your neighbors
showing you love all the time I don't I
want my neighbors to do their thing I'll
do mine love isn't appropriate all the
time that's what friends our family or
for so you know you could say that love
that neighbor is metaphorical in which
case it's kind of lost its impact if it
means just to be good to one another
then I'm not impressed with that
particular piece of wisdom doesn't Jerry
Springer close all of his shows by
saying something like that moving on
turn the other cheek this one doesn't do
a whole lot for me either if someone
strikes me I should present him with
another target to strike how is this
course of action any better for anybody
than simply retreating someone hits you
the best thing to do if you can is to
remove yourself from that situation now
you could say that this is actually what
the Bible is saying and it is referring
to the other pair of cheeks we could be
turning towards our assailant while we
make our escape while I would appreciate
your resourcefulness in redefining the
passage I still wouldn't be impressed
with that advice next let he who is
without sin cast the first stone well
this one comes from a more enlightened
place than you might expect from someone
living at that time it's still rather
obvious it's merely a rewording of the
golden rule which is recognized by
everyone of every faith or lack thereof
because it's so obviously a mutually
beneficial way to coexist with each
other not terribly impressive well
that's enough for now those are a few of
the ones that you hear Christians
repeating as if the message is of such
high sophistication that we're all
supposed to gasp in all of them and so
far I'm not gasping so if you're a
believer here's an opportunity to
explain what we're all missing out on
what do you find to be so crucial about
the Bible and it's Batman its messages
what insights do Christians have access
to that the rest of us are deprived of
please comment